
The {} in import { MailtrapClient } from "mailtrap" are used because MailtrapClient is being imported as a named export from the mailtrap module.
In JavaScript, modules can export multiple entities by their names using named exports. When you import a specific named export, you must wrap it in curly braces {} to indicate you're importing that exact item by name

For authentication functions and states we use "zustand" inside frontend
npm i zustand
  zustand is going to be our state management Library
  we create all states and funstions needed for 
  authentication in one place is this authStore file
  Global state management sol for us 
 Axios is a promise-based HTTP client for JavaScript that simplifies making requests to APIs and handling responses.

 CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) is a security feature in web browsers that allows or restricts resources on a web page to be requested from another domain outside the domain from which the resource originated.

 CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) is a security feature in web browsers that allows or restricts resources on a web page to be requested from another domain outside the domain from which the resource originated.In simple words, browser feature that controls how resources can be requested from a different domain, ensuring secure interactions between websites.
 inside MERN_AUTHENTICATION and outside of backend we install cors 
 npm i cors 


 now install react-hot-toast under frontend
 npm i react-hot-toast

 items-center: This utility aligns items along the cross axis (vertical axis in a flex container or horizontal axis in a grid container). It is used to center items vertically in a flex container.

justify-center: This utility aligns items along the main axis (horizontal axis in a flex container or vertical axis in a grid container). It is used to center items horizontally in a flex container.

overflow-hidden in Tailwind CSS is a utility class that hides any content that overflows the boundaries of its container. This means if the content inside the container exceeds its size (width or height), the extra content will not be visible.

useParams is used in React Router to access dynamic URL parameters from the current route.

For example, if the route is /user/:id, useParams can retrieve the id value from the URL.

try...catch is used to handle errors in JavaScript, allowing the program to gracefully handle exceptions and continue execution without crashing.